# [Quiz] Locked Levels

Locked Levels


## Questions


### Q1. Which class stores the player's preferences in Unity?
- PrefsOfPlayer
- PlayerPreferences
- PlayerPrefs **(correct)**
- PreferencesOfPlayer

### Q2. Which of these is true about enums.

1. The data type that enables for a variable to be a set of predefined constants
2. Enums are used when we don't know all possible values at runtime.
3. Using enums we can make a set of distinct cases
4. Enums assign names to integral constants.
- 1,2,3
- 2,3,4
- 1,2,4
- 1,3,4 **(correct)**

### Q3. What does this function do?
DontDestroyOnLoad(gameObject);
- It ensures an Object is destroyed before level loading
- It preserves an Object during level loading. **(correct)**
- It destroys an Object during level loading.
- It preserves an Object after level loading.

### Q4. Which of these is true?
1 private static <MonoBehaviour> a;
2 public static <MonoBehaviour> b { get{ return a;}}
1. a cannot be accessed outside the class
2. b can only be read inside/outside the class.
3. b returns a when it is called.
4. b can be accessed and set outside the class
- 2,3,4
- 1,2,3 **(correct)**
- 1,3,4
- 1,2,4

### Q5. Why do we use a Singleton for LevelManager?
- To maintain the state of Levels throughout the game. **(correct)**
- Because we need only one level.
- Because we need only a single instance.
- To implement the level changing functionality

### Q6. What is a Singleton?
- A singleton class is a class that can have only one object at a time. **(correct)**
-  A singleton class is a class that can have multiple objects at a time.
-  A singleton class is a class that can have only two instances.
-  None of the above.

### Q7. What is PlayerPrefs?
-  PlayerPrefs is a class that enables and disables Player objects.
-  PlayerPrefs is a class that stores Player preferences between game sessions. **(correct)**
- Both a and b.
- None of the above.

### Q8. What does GetSceneAt do?
- Get the next Scene.
- Get the Scene at index in the SceneManager's list of not loaded Scenes
- Get the Scene at index in the SceneManager's list of loaded Scenes **(correct)**
- None of the above.
