# [Quiz] Collectibles and UI

Collectibles and UI


## Questions


### Q1.  What are the components that we need to render a sprite on screen?
- Image.
-  Sprite renderer. **(correct)**
- Button.
- All of the above.

### Q2. What Unity functions are used for entering and exiting a collision?

1. OnCollisionEnter().
2. OnCollisionExit().
3. OnCollisionStay().
4. OnCollision().
- 1.
- 1 & 4.
- 2 & 1. **(correct)**
- 3 & 2.

### Q3. What is the recommended UI component for texts in Unity?
- Unity's built-in text.
- Text Mesh Pro. **(correct)**
-  Both a and b.
- None of the above.

### Q4. What function should we use for a use case in which the player is the only game object that is allowed to interact with the key/collectibles and other game objects like the enemy just passes through the object. 
- OnTriggerEnter(); **(correct)**
- OnCollisionEnter().
- OnCollisionExit().
- None of the above.

### Q5. What does the code given below do.

private int s = 10;

void method(int value){
  s -= value;
}
- increasing the value of s.
-  looping and decreasing the value of s.
- decreasing the value of s. **(correct)**
- None of the above.

### Q6. How to get a component of a child object from the parent object?
- GetComponent<Component>();
-  GetComponentInChildren<Component>(); **(correct)**
- GetComponentInParent<Component>();
- GetComponentOfChild<Component>();

### Q7. UI elements can be displayed without a canvas.
- True.
- False. **(correct)**

### Q8. How would you ensure that a collectible is collected only by the player?
- Disabling environment collision
- Putting trigger on player
- Using collision matrix **(correct)**
- Using TileMaps
