# [Quiz] Animations

Animations


## Questions


### Q1. What are prefabs in Unity?
- Gameobjects
- Components
- Pre-configured reusable GameObjects **(correct)**
- None

### Q2. Selecting the root node allows us to establish correspondence between _____ clips for a generic model?
- Animation **(correct)**
- Audio
-  Component
-  Video

### Q3. What is the use of the Animator window?
- It allows you to make the transition from one animation state to another
- It allows you to drag and drop game object animations
- It allows you to create, view and modify Animator Controller assets. **(correct)**
- It allows you to view animations

### Q4. Which are the 3 default states you would see when you open an Animator?
- Entry, New State, Exit
- Any State, New State, Entry
- Entry, Any State, Exit **(correct)**
- Run State, Idle State, Exit

### Q5. What are the different parameters you would see in the animator window?
- Int, float, bool, trigger **(correct)**
- Int, float, char, bool
-  Int, float, bool, vector
- Int, float, bool

### Q6. What parameter would you use in the animation inspector settings to make the transition immediate?
- Fixed duration
- Transition duration **(correct)**
- Transition offset
- None

### Q7. How would you slow down a fast animating sprite?
-  By increasing the samples
- By decreasing the samples
- By increasing the timeframe in animation window **(correct)**
- By decreasing the time frame in the animation window

### Q8.  What does "Has Exit Time" do?
- This value represents the frame at which the transition can take effect.
-  This value represents the exact time at which the transition can take effect. **(correct)**
- This value represents the number of animations that are not active.
- None of the above.
