# [Quiz] Scripting and Physics

Scripting and Physics


## Questions


### Q1. Does Every GameObject has a Transform?
- True **(correct)**
- False

### Q2. RigidBody is used  ______ ?

1) For fundamental physics behaviour

2) For changing game object size
3) When you want to have mass in your game object.

4) Helps in adding velocities and accelerations to the object
- 1,3
- 1,3,4 **(correct)**
- 1,2
- 3,4

### Q3. What will happen if you change the Gravity Scale to 0 in rigidbody component?
- The gameobject will be affected by gravity
- The gameobject will not be affected by gravity **(correct)**
- The gamobject will lose its mass
- None

### Q4. Collider2D helps in _____?
- Defines a region in which collision interaction between gameobjects occurs. **(correct)**
- Defines the shapes of gameObject
- Defines the size of gameobject
- None

### Q5. If the Rigidbody component is not attached to a gameobject, we can still make use of functions like Addforce and Velocity?
-  True
-  False **(correct)**

### Q6. Observe the below code and Select the correct answer.


using UnityEngine;
using System.Collections;
public class ExampleClass : MonoBehaviour {
    void OnCollisionEnter2D(Collision2D coll) {
        if (coll.gameObject.tag == "Enemy")
            coll.gameObject.SendMessage("ApplyDamage", 10);
        
    }
}



- Apply Damage appears when an incoming collider with the tag "Enemy" makes contact with this object's collider **(correct)**
- Apply Damage appears only when any gameobject make contact with the object's collider
-  Apply Damage appears if there is a method Apply Damage attached to it.
- None

### Q7.  The Position, Rotation and Scale values of a Transform's child are independent of the Transform's parent?
- True
- False **(correct)**

### Q8. **How many times do you think the below code would execute in a minute if your game is running at 74fps consistently with a time step of 0.02?**

private void FixedUpdate()

{

Debug.Log("Shots Fired!!");

}
- 740
- 4440
- 3000 **(correct)**
- 1800
