# [⏳Quiz]

 


## Questions


### Q1. What is the primary feature of the var keyword in C#?
- var is a dynamically typed variable, allowing its type to change at runtime.
- var automatically determines the type of the variable based on the assigned value at compile time. **(correct)**
- var can only be used for numeric data types, such as int, float, and double.
- var is a special type that always represents a string in C#.

### Q2. Consider the following code:

var result = CalculateSomething();

What potential issue could arise from using var in this case?
- The compiler will automatically assign the wrong data type
- var is only valid when the return type is an integer
- The variable result will change its type dynamically during runtime
- It may be difficult to understand the type of result, leading to unexpected behavior if the return type of CalculateSomething() is unclear **(correct)**

### Q3. What is a scenario where using var is beneficial in terms of simplifying the code?
- When the data type is unclear 
- When performing complex arithmetic operations on variables
- When iterating through a complex collection of objects where the type of each object is unknown **(correct)**
- When declaring a variable that needs to switch types during execution

### Q4. In C#, what would be the output of the following code:

using System;
class HelloWorld {
	static void Main() {

		var a = 'a';
    var b = a*9;
    Console.WriteLine("Result: " + b);
	}
}
- Result: aaaaaaaaa
- Result: 810
- Result: 873 **(correct)**
- Compiler Error

### Q5. Consider the following C# program:

using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        var result = true ? "Hello" : 42;
        Console.WriteLine(result.GetType());
    }
}

What will be the output of this program when executed?
- System.String
-  System.Int32
- System.Object **(correct)**
-  Compilation Error

### Q6. Consider the following C# program:

using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        var a = 5;
        var b = 2.0;
        var c = a / b;
        var d = c * 2;
        var e = d.ToString();
        var f = e + " is the result";
        Console.WriteLine(f.GetType());
    }
}

What will be the output of this program when executed?
- System.Int32
- System.Double
- System.String **(correct)**
- System.Object

### Q7. What will be the output of this program when executed?

using System;
using System.Linq;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        var numbers = new[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
        var query = numbers.Select(n => new { Number = n, IsEven = n % 2 == 0 });
        foreach(var item in query)
        {
            Console.WriteLine(item.IsEven);
        }
    }
}



- False True False True False **(correct)**
- False True False True False True
- System.Boolean System.Boolean System.Boolean System.Boolean System.Boolean
- Compilation Error
