# [⏳Quiz]

 


## Questions


### Q1. Which of the following statement is true about Console.WriteLine() ?
- It prints the message and then automatically moves the cursor to the next line. **(correct)**
- It moves the cursor to the next line and then prints the message.
- It prints the message but does not move the cursor to the next line.
- None of the above

### Q2. What is the function of \t and \” as a escape sequence character in C#?
- \t represents a new line, and \" represents a single quote.
- \t represents a tab space, and \" represents a double quote. **(correct)**
- \t represents a backslash, and \" represents a tab space.
- \t represents a double quote, and \" represents a tab space.

### Q3. What is the naming convention followed for public methods/functions in C#?
- camelCase
- _camelCase
- PascalCase **(correct)**
- snake_case

### Q4. What is the default access modifier for a class in C# if none is specified?

- Public
- Private
- Internal **(correct)**
- Protected

### Q5. Consider the following C# code snippet:

using System;

namespace SampleApp
{
    class Program
    {
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            Helper.PrintMessage();
        }
    }

    class Helper
    {
        public static void PrintMessage()
        {
            Console.WriteLine("Hello, World!");
        }
    }
}

Which of the following statements is true about the Helper class?
- A.Helper must be declared as public to be accessible from the Program class.
- Helper is accessible within the SampleApp namespace by default. **(correct)**
- Helper cannot contain static methods.
- Helper must be defined in a separate file to be used by the Program class.
