# [Quiz] STL Queue

STL Queue


## Questions


### Q1. Which of the following data structure is used in BFS(Breadth First Search)?
- Array 
- Linked List 
- Stack 
- Queue **(correct)**

### Q2. Which of the following data structure is used in DFS(Depth First Search)?
- Array
- Linked List 
- Stack  **(correct)**
- Queue

### Q3. Which among the following data structure may give overflow error, even though the current number of elements in it, is less than its size: 
- Simple Queue  **(correct)**
- Circular Queue 
- Stack 
- None

### Q4. An implementation of a queue Q, using two stacks S1 and S2, is given below: 
void insert(Q, x) {
   push (S1, x);
}
  
void delete(Q){
   if(stack-empty(S2)) then 
      if(stack-empty(S1)) then {
          print(“Q is empty”);
          return;
      }
      else while (!(stack-empty(S1))){
          x=pop(S1);
          push(S2,x);
      }
   x=pop(S2);
}

Let n insert and m (<=n) delete operations be performed in an arbitrary order on an empty queue Q. Let x and y be the number of push and pop operations performed respectively in the process. Which one of the following is true for all m and n?
- n+m <= x < 2n and 2m <= y <= n+m **(correct)**
-  n+m <= x < 2n and 2m<= y <= 2n 
- 2m <= x < 2n and 2m <= y <= n+m 
- 2m <= x <2n and 2m <= y <= 2n

### Q5. What does the below function do? (Assume that IntQueue is an integer queue.) 
void fun(int n)
{
    IntQueue q = new IntQueue();
    q.enqueue(0);
    q.enqueue(1);
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++)
    {
        int a = q.dequeue();
        int b = q.dequeue();
        q.enqueue(b);
        q.enqueue(a + b);
        print(a);
    }
}
- Prints numbers from 0 to n-1 
- Prints numbers from n-1 to 0 
- Prints first n Fibonacci numbers  **(correct)**
- Prints first n Fibonacci numbers in reverse order.

### Q6. Consider the following statements: 
i.   First-in-first out types of computations are efficiently supported by STACKS.
ii.  Implementing LISTS on linked lists is more efficient than implementing LISTS on
     an array for almost all the basic LIST operations.
iii. Implementing QUEUES on a circular array is more efficient than implementing QUEUES
     on a linear array with two indices.
iv.  Last-in-first-out type of computations are efficiently supported by QUEUES.

Which of the following is correct?
- (iii) is true **(correct)**
- (i) and (ii) are true 
- (iii) and (iv) are true 
- (ii) and (iv) are true

### Q7. What does the function queue::back() do?
- Returns a reference to the last element of the queue.  **(correct)**
- Returns a reference to the first element of the queue. 
- Returns the size of the queue. 
- Returns whether the queue is empty.

### Q8. What does the function queue::swap() do?
- Insert a new element into the queue container, the new element is added to the end of the queue. 
- Deletes the first element of the queue. 
- Exchange the contents of two queues but the queues must be of the same type, although sizes may differ.  **(correct)**
- None
