# [Quiz] Priority Queue

Priority Queue


## Questions


### Q1. A priority queue can efficiently be implemented using which of the following data structures? Assume that the number of inserts and peek (operation to see the current highest priority item) and extraction (remove the highest priority item) operations are almost the same.
- Array 
- Linked List 
- Heap Data Structures like Binary Heap, Fibonacci Heap  **(correct)**
- None of the above

### Q2. A Priority-Queue is implemented as a Max-Heap. Initially, it has 5 elements. The level-order traversal of the heap is given below: 10, 8, 5, 3, 2 Two new elements ”1‘ and ”7‘ are inserted in the heap in that order. The level-order traversal of the heap after the insertion of the elements is:
- 10, 8, 7, 5, 3, 2, 1 
- 10, 8, 7, 2, 3, 1, 5 
- 10, 8, 7, 1, 2, 3, 5 
- 10, 8, 7, 3, 2, 1, 5 **(correct)**

### Q3. Which of the following is not an advantage of a priority queue?
- Easy to implement 
- Processes with different priority can be efficiently handled 
- Applications with differing requirements 
- Easy to delete elements in any case **(correct)**

### Q4. What is the time complexity to initialize in a priority queue with the vector? 
Check out the code-

priority_queue<int> pq(vec.begin(),vec.end());
- O(nlogn) 
- O(logn) 
- O(n)  **(correct)**
- O(n2)

### Q5. One difference between a queue and a stack is:
- Queues require dynamic memory, but stacks do not. 
- Stacks require dynamic memory, but queues do not. 
- Queues use two ends of the structure; stacks use only one.  **(correct)**
- Stacks use two ends of the structure, queues use only one.

### Q6. Suppose top is called on a priority queue that has exactly two entries with equal priority. How is the return value of top selected?
- The implementation gets to choose either one. 
- the one which was inserted first.  **(correct)**
- The one which was inserted most recently. 
- This can never happen (violates the precondition)

### Q7. Consider the implementation of the queue using a circular array. What goes wrong if we try to keep all the items at the front of a partially-filled array (so that data[0] is always the front).
- The constructor would require linear time. 
- The get_front function would require linear time.  **(correct)**
- The insert function would require linear time. 
- The is_empty function would require linear time.

### Q8. To implement the queue with a linked list, keeping track of a front pointer and a rear pointer. Which of these pointers will change during an insertion into an EMPTY queue?
- Neither changes 
- Only front_ptr changes
- Both change **(correct)**
- Only rear_ptr changes
