# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. In which of the following scenario will you use array?
- You need to store the scores of all students in a class where the number of students is known and fixed, allowing for easy access to any student's score by their roll number. **(correct)**
- You're creating a playlist where users can add an varied number of songs, and songs can be of various genres.
- You are managing a store and you have a list of products with their corresponding prices. You need to quickly access the price of any product by its serial number. **(correct)**
- You're designing a chat application where users can send and receive an unpredictable number of messages that could vary in size and type.

### Q2. In what scenario might treating an array variable as just a pointer lead to potential errors in a program?
- When performing dynamic memory allocation
- When passing arrays to functions expecting pointers **(correct)**
- When using arrays of different data types
- When accessing elements beyond the bounds of the array

### Q3. Which of the following accurately describes the relationship between an array variable and a pointer?
- An array variable is always equivalent to a pointer. **(correct)**
- An array variable may behave like a pointer, but they are distinct concepts.
- Arrays and pointers have no relation to each other at all.
- Array variables are pointers, but pointers are not necessarily arrays. **(correct)**

### Q4. In a float array of size 10, If first element is at 500 memory address, address of last element?
- 580
- 560
- 540 **(correct)**
- 520

### Q5. Which of the following is NOT a property of arrays?
- Continuous Memory Allocation
- Dynamic Size **(correct)**
- Non-Linear **(correct)**
- Direct Accessing
