# [⏳Quiz] 

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. What is causing unpredictable behaviour on compilation error in the following C++ code snippet?

int arr[5] = { 1,2,3,4,5 };
cout<< endl << arr[5]<<endl;
- There is no error; the code will print the last element of the array.
- The array is initialized with too many elements.
- The syntax for printing the array element is incorrect.
- The code tries to access an element outside the bounds of the array. **(correct)**

### Q2. Where will you NOT use array? 
- To store the fixed number of months in a year.
- To keep track of the top 10 high scores in a static leaderboard.
- To maintain a list of items in a shopping cart where items can be added or removed dynamically. **(correct)**
- To hold the predefined set of colour codes for a digital painting app.

### Q3. How will you take array as an input from user?
- int arr[10]; std::cin >> arr;
- int arr[10]; for(int i = 0; i < 10; i++) { std::cin >> arr[i]; } **(correct)**
- int arr[10]; for(int i = 0; i < 10; i++) { std::cin >> i[arr]; }
- int arr[10]; while(std::cin >> arr) {}

### Q4. What is the output of the below code?

#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
int main()
{
  int arr[] = {1,2,3,4,5,6};
  cout << -5[arr];
  return 0;
}
- Compilation error
- Garbage Value
- -5
- -6 **(correct)**

### Q5. What is the output of the below code?

#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
int main()
{
  int arr[] = {1,2,3};
  cout << arr[3] << " " << arr[-1] << '\n';
  return 0;
}
- Compilation error
- Runtime Error
- 0 0
- Garbage Value   Garbage Value **(correct)**

### Q6. Which of the following is the correct way to declare and initialize an array in one line?
- int arr[3] = (1,2,3);
- int arr[3] = {1,2,3}; **(correct)**
- int arr(3) = (1,2,3);
- int arr(3) = [1,2,3];

### Q7. In which of the following scenario will you use array?
- You need to store the scores of all students in a class where the number of students is known and fixed, allowing for easy access to any student's score by their roll number. **(correct)**
- You're creating a playlist where users can add an varied number of songs, and songs can be of various genres.
- You are managing a store and you have a list of products with their corresponding prices. You need to quickly access the price of any product by its serial number. **(correct)**
- You're designing a chat application where users can send and receive an unpredictable number of messages that could vary in size and type.
