# [⏳Quiz]

 


## Questions


### Q1. Which of these is a move of the Dough Master?
- Dough Slapper **(correct)**
- Pepperoni Punch
- Krust Kick
- Oregano Outburst

### Q2. Which of the options is right to create and initialize an object of the Enemy class in C#?
- Enemy enemy;
- Enemy enemy = new();
- Enemy enemy = new Enemy();
- Both B and C **(correct)**

### Q3. Which of the following functions VIOLATES Single Responsibility Principle(SRP)?

//1
private void TakeDamage(int damageToTake)
{
	health -= damageToTake;
}

//2
private void SpawnPlayer()
{
	Player player = new Player();
	Enemy enemy = new Enemy();
}
- Only 1
- Both 1 and 2
- Both follows SRP
- Only 2 **(correct)**

### Q4.  Analyze the following code snippet used in a game's scoring system:

double baseScore = 100.0;
int multiplier = 3;
var totalScore = baseScore * multiplier;

What is the data type of totalScore, and why? 
- double, because one of the operands is a double, resulting in implicit type conversion.
- Both A and C **(correct)**
- double, because C# promotes the int to double during the operation.
- float, due to implicit casting rules in arithmetic operations.

### Q5.  In a game’s physics engine, precision is crucial for calculations. Which C# data type would you prefer for high-precision floating-point calculations, and why?
-  float, because it requires less memory.
- double, because it provides higher precision than float.
- decimal, because it offers the highest precision among floating-point types.
- Both B & C **(correct)**

### Q6. Given the following C# code in a game’s inventory system:

string playerName = "Archer";
object obj = playerName;
string? nullableName = obj as string?;

What is the type and value of nullableName after execution?
- Type: string, Value: "Archer"
- Type: string?, Value: "Archer" **(correct)**
- Type: object, Value: null
- Type: string?, Value: null
