# [Quiz] TileMaps

TileMaps


## Questions


### Q1. If a GameObject is marked as a trigger :
- It will stop the colliding object from passing through it.
- It will allow the colliding object to pass through it **(correct)**
- It will stop colliding objects at a certain distance
- None 

### Q2. **Choose the multiple advantages of TileMaps from the below options**

i) Helps you create and iterate level design cycles.

ii) You can create dynamic edges and randomized tiles placements

iii) You can generate Tiles and maps for the player character 

iv) Allows you to paint multiple blocks with one click
-  i, iv
-  i, ii, iv **(correct)**
- i, iii
- ii, iv

### Q3. If you want to make a TileMap appear further back in the scene.
- In Renderer, Set Order of Layer to the negative value **(correct)**
-  In Renderer, Set Order of Layer to the positive value
-  In Renderer, Change the Sorting Layer from default to anything else
- None

### Q4. Which of these components is not present in the GameObject created by a TileMap?
- TileMap
- TileMapRenderer
- TileMapCollider2D **(correct)**
- Transform

### Q5. Which of the following statements is true about triggers
- A trigger is related to colliders
-  Triggers are useful for displaying tutorial messages, FTUE and checkpoints.
-  A trigger is an alternative way of collision detection.
- All of the above   **(correct)**

### Q6. How do you make your camera follow Player Gameobject?
- By making camera child object of Player **(correct)**
- By making player child object of camera.
-  By creating a new gameobject and making both camera and player child of new gameobject
- By changing camera position in transform.  

### Q7. What is the use of Order in Layer in Renderer component?
- Prioritize each GameObject has to the Renderer within each Sorting Layer. **(correct)**
-  Determines the position of gameobject in Scene
-  Gives the number of layers present in the current scene
- None

### Q8.  How would you invert a tile if it's facing in the opposite direction?
- Select the cursor from TilePalette editor and change the scale
-  Select the cursor from TilePalette editor and change the rotation **(correct)**
- Select the cursor from TilePalette editor and change the position
- Select the cursor from the TilePalette editor and change both rotation and position.
