# [Quiz] Polish

Polish


## Questions


### Q1. Which in-built component is required to play Audio files in Unity?
- Audio Manager
- Sound Manager
- Audio Source **(correct)**
- Audio Clip

### Q2. Explain the implementation of the below-given code
public SoundType[] Sounds;
public AudioSource soundEffect;
public AudioSource soundMusic;

public void Play(Sounds sound)
{
	AudioClip clip = getSoundClip(sound);
	if(clip != null){
		soundEffect.PlayOneShot(clip)
	}
	else{
		Debug.LogError("Clip not found")
	}
}
- Plays the soundEffect audio clip once, if no clip is found, return an error. **(correct)**
-  Plays the soundMusic audio clip once, if no clip is found, return an error.
- PLays the background audio clip continuously.
- None of the above

### Q3.  Each Scene can have multiple Audio Listeners?
- True
-  False **(correct)**
-  It can exist but you will get a warning in the console
- You will not get any error/warning

### Q4. What is the use of PlayOneShot() Function in Unity AudioSource?

1. Used for audio effects which need to play only once.

2. Used to control the pitch and volume of the audio source.

3. Used for playing multiple sounds from one audio source 

4. Used to control pitch and volume of audio source
- 1,3
- 1,2,3 **(correct)**
- 4,3

### Q5. What is the core principle of Particle systems in unity?

1. To create visual effects

2. Emits particles in random positions within a predefined space and shape

3. To make explosion effects

4. Simulates every particle collectively to create the impression of the complete effect.
- 1,2,4
- 2,3,4
- 2,4 **(correct)**
- 3,1

### Q6.  Which property of the particle system would you use to increase the volume of particles?
- Rate over time **(correct)**
-  Shape
-  Trail
- Rate over distance

### Q7. Which property in the particle system would you enable to keep the effect playing continuously?
- Duration
- Play on Awake
- Looping **(correct)**
- Start delay

### Q8. Main Camera object already comes with an audio listener from the start.
-  True **(correct)**
-  False
- Maybe 
- Maybe not
