# [Quiz] Circular Queue

Circular Queue


## Questions


### Q1. Suppose a circular queue of capacity (n – 1) elements is implemented with an array of n elements. Assume that the insertion and deletion operation are carried out using REAR and FRONT as array index variables, respectively. Initially, REAR = FRONT = 0. The conditions to detect queue full and queue empty are
- Full: (REAR+1) mod n == FRONT, empty: REAR == FRONT **(correct)**
- Full: (REAR+1) mod n == FRONT, empty: (FRONT+1) mod n == REAR 
- Full: REAR == FRONT, empty: (REAR+1) mod n == FRONT 
- Full: (FRONT+1) mod n == REAR, empty: REAR == FRONT

### Q2. Suppose implementation supports an instruction REVERSE, which reverses the order of elements on the stack, in addition to the PUSH and POP instructions. Which one of the following statements is TRUE with respect to this modified stack?
- A queue cannot be implemented using this stack.
- A queue can be implemented where ENQUEUE takes a single instruction and DEQUEUE takes a sequence of two instructions. 
- A queue can be implemented where ENQUEUE takes a sequence of three instructions and DEQUEUE takes a single instruction. **(correct)**
- A queue can be implemented where both ENQUEUE and DEQUEUE take a single instruction each.

### Q3. The minimum number of stacks needed to implement a queue is
- 3
- 2 **(correct)**
- 1
- 4

### Q4. Consider a standard Circular Queue 'q' implementation (which has the same condition for Queue Full and Queue Empty) whose size is 11 and the elements of the queue are q[0], q[1], q[2].....,q[10]. The front and rear pointers are initialized to point at q[2] . In which position will the ninth element be added?
- q[0]  **(correct)**
- q[1] 
- q[9] 
- q[10]

### Q5. A circular queue has been implemented using a singly linked list where each node consists
of a value and a single pointer pointing to the next node. We maintain exactly two external
pointers FRONT and REAR pointing to the front node and the near node of the queue,
respectively. Which of the following statements is/are CORRECT for such a circular queue,
so that insertion and deletion operations can be performed in O(1) time?

I. Next pointer of front node points to the rear node.
II. Next pointer of rear node points to the front node.
- I only 
- II only  **(correct)**
- Both I and II 
- Neither I and II

### Q6. With respect to deque which of the following is true?
- Insertion is done only from front end 
- Deletion is done only from rear end 
- Insertion is done only from rear end 
- Insertion and deletion can be done at front and rear ends **(correct)**

### Q7. Which of the following conditions represents an empty condition in the circular queue?
- (Rear + 1)mod n = front 
- (front + 1)mod n = rear 
- front == rear  **(correct)**
- Rear = n - 1

### Q8. Five people P, Q, R, S and T are standing in a queue. R is standing between P and T. P is just behind Q and Q is second in the queue. Who is second last in the queue?
- T
- S
- R **(correct)**
- P
