# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. If there is a sorted array of numbers, what would be the fastest time complexity to find a pair of values, 'a' and 'b', such that a - b = 0?
- O(1)
- O(log n)
- O(n) **(correct)**
- O(n^2)

### Q2. Which of the following is not true about comparison based sorting algorithms?
- The minimum possible time complexity of a comparison based sorting algorithm is O(nLogn) for a random input array
- Any comparison based sorting algorithm can be made stable by using position as a criteria when two elements are compared
- Counting Sort is not a comparison based sorting algorithm
- Merge Sort is not a comparison based sorting algorithm. **(correct)**

### Q3. What is the primary difference between comparison-based and non-comparison-based sorting algorithms?
- Comparison-based algorithms do not compare elements
- Non-comparison-based algorithms sort elements based on their properties rather than comparisons **(correct)**
- Comparison-based algorithms are always faster
- Non-comparison-based algorithms use pivot elements

### Q4. You are sorting student IDs [103, 201, 202, 115, 210] using Radix Sort. After sorting by the least significant digit, what will the list look like?
- [201, 202, 210, 103, 115]
- [210, 103, 115, 201, 202]
- [201, 210, 115, 202, 103]
- [210, 201, 202, 103, 115] **(correct)**

### Q5. In an LSD Radix Sort, the number of passes required to sort N elements depends on the number of digits w and the base R used for sorting. How many passes are required to sort N elements?
- (w/logR) **(correct)**
- N(w/logR)
- (w/log(RN))
- (wN/log(N))

### Q6. What will be the order of elements of the array arr = {432, 81, 912, 127, 56} after the first iteration of MSD (Most Significant Digit) sort is complete?
- 81, 56, 127, 432, 912 **(correct)**
- 127, 432, 56, 81, 912
- 432, 81, 912, 127, 56
- 912, 81, 432, 127, 56

### Q7. What is the advantage of radix sort over quick sort?
- radix sort performs better than quick sort when we have log n bits for every digit **(correct)**
- radix sort has lesser space complexity
- radix sort is not a comparison based sorting technique
- radix sort has better cache performance than quick sort

### Q8. How many comparisons will be made to sort the array arr={1,5,3,8,2} using counting sort?
- 5
- 7
- 9
- 0 **(correct)**
