# [Quiz] Queue using Linked List

Queue using Linked List


## Questions


### Q1. A queue is implemented using an array such that ENQUEUE and DEQUEUE operations are performed efficiently. Which one of the following statements is CORRECT (n refers to the number of items in the queue)?
- Both operations can be performed in O(1) time  **(correct)**
- At most one operation can be performed in O(1) time but the worst case time for the other operation will be Ω(n) 
- The worst case time complexity for both operations will be Ω(n) 
- Worst case time complexity for both operations will be Ω(log n)

### Q2. A queue is implemented using a non-circular singly linked list. The queue has a head pointer and a tail pointer. Let n denote the number of nodes in the queue. Let 'enqueue' be implemented by inserting a new node at the head, and 'dequeue' be implemented by deletion of a node from the tail.

Which one of the following is the time complexity of the most time-efficient implementation of 'enqueue' and 'dequeue, respectively, for this data structure?
- Θ(1), Θ(1) 
- Θ(1), Θ(n)  **(correct)**
- Θ(n), Θ(1) 
- Θ(n), Θ(n)

### Q3. How many stacks are needed to implement a queue. Consider the situation where no other data structure like arrays, linked list is available to you.
- 3
- 1
- 2 **(correct)**
- 4

### Q4. Following is C like pseudo code of a function that takes a Queue as an argument, and uses a stack S to do processing.
void fun(Queue *Q)
{
    Stack S;  // Say it creates an empty stack S
 
    // Run while Q is not empty
    while (!isEmpty(Q))
    {
        // deQueue an item from Q and push the dequeued item to S
        push(&S, deQueue(Q));
    }
 
    // Run while Stack S is not empty
    while (!isEmpty(&S))
    {
      // Pop an item from S and enqueue the poppped item to Q
      enQueue(Q, pop(&S));
    }
}

What does the above function do in general?
- Removes the last from Q 
- Keeps the Q same as it was before the call 
- Makes Q empty 
- Reverses the Q **(correct)**

### Q5. How many queues are needed to implement a stack. Consider the situation where no other data structure like arrays, linked list is available to you.
- 1
- 2 **(correct)**
- 3
- 4

### Q6. Which of the following is true about linked list implementation of queue?
- In push operation, if new nodes are inserted at the beginning of linked list, then in pop operation, nodes must be removed from end. 
- In push operation, if new nodes are inserted at the end, then in pop operation, nodes must be removed from the beginning. 
- Both of the above  **(correct)**
- None of the above

### Q7. In linked list implementation of a queue, the important condition for a queue to be empty is?
- FRONT is null  **(correct)**
- REAR is null  
- LINK is empty
- None

### Q8. Which of the following is a non-linear data structure?
- Stack 
- Array 
- LinkedList 
- Graph **(correct)**
