# Hashmaps Quiz

Hashmaps Quiz


## Questions


### Q1. Given a hash function h(x) = x % (x - 1). The following integers are inserted in an array of size 100 - 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. On insertion of which key first-time collision occurs?
- 11 
- 15 
- 12  **(correct)**
- No collision

### Q2. An advantage of the chained hash table (external hashing) over the open addressing scheme is
-  Worst-case complexity of search operations is less 
- Space used is less 
- Deletion is easier  **(correct)**
- None of the above

### Q3. Given the following input (4322, 1334, 1471, 9679, 1989, 6171, 6173, 4199) and the hash function x mod 10, which of the following statements are true?
i) 9679, 1989, 4199 hash to the same value

ii) 1471, 6171 has to the same value

iii) All elements hash to the same value

iv) Each element hashes to a different value
-  i only 
- ii and i only **(correct)**
- iii or iv 
- ii only

### Q4. If the size of the array is S and the number of entries is going to be N, then what is the value of the load factor?
- S * N   
- N * N / S
- S / N 
- N / S **(correct)**

### Q5. What is Collision?
- When two key gives the same value on a given hash function  **(correct)**
- When a key gives the same value from two different hash functions 
- a & b both 
- None of the above

### Q6. How many people must be there in a room to make the probability 50% such that at least two people in the room have the same birthday?
- 23  **(correct)**
- 365 
- 366 
- 25

### Q7. Which one of the following hash functions on integers will distribute keys most uniformly over 10 buckets numbered 0 to 9 for i ranging from 0 to 2020?
-  h(i) = (12 ∗ i) mod 10 
- h(i) =i^3 mod 10  **(correct)**
- h(i) = (11 ∗ i^2) mod 10 
- h(i) =i^2 mod 10

### Q8. Solve: 
Consider a hash table with 9 slots. The hash function is h(k) = k mod 9. The collisions are resolved by chaining. The following 9 keys are inserted in the order: 5, 28, 19, 15, 20, 33, 12, 17, 10. The maximum, minimum, and average chain lengths in the hash table, respectively, are
-  3, 0 and 2 
- 4, 0 and 1 
- 3, 3 and 3 
- 3, 0 and 1 **(correct)**
