# [Quiz] Basic Enemy & Reloading Scene

Basic Enemy & Reloading Scene


## Questions


### Q1. Destroying the player's game object with a camera attached to it is considered a good practice.
-  True.
- False. **(correct)**

### Q2. What is the namespace used for SceneManager operations.
- using UnityEngine.SceneManagement **(correct)**
- using UnityEngine.SceneManager
- using SceneManager
- None of the above

### Q3. Which one of the following can be considered as a good practice.
- SceneManager.LoadScene(0);                                   // here 0 is the buildindex. **(correct)**
- SceneManager.LoadScene("LevelName");
- Both a and b.
-  None of the above.

### Q4. Which of the following can be considered as a use-case for the 'reloading' Scene.
1. Enemy destroying the player.
2. A player falling from the level.
3. Player destroying the enemy.
4. Player moving to the next level.
- 1, 2 & 3.
- 1, 2. **(correct)**
-  2, 4.
- 2, 3 & 4.

### Q5. What does the function GetActiveScene do?
- Create an empty new scene at runtime with the given name.
- Get the scene at index in the SceneManager's list of added scenes.
-  Get a scene struct from a build index.
- Gets the currently active scene. **(correct)**

### Q6. How to create a new scene?
- Create a script with the line{ SceneManager.CreateNewScene();}
- File>New Scene **(correct)**
- Edit>New Scene
- File>Create Scene

### Q7. What can define the value of 'b' in this line of code?
int b = SceneManager.GetActiveScene().buildIndex;
- b is the index at which the current scene is. **(correct)**
- b is the index of the scene that has to be loaded next
- b is the index of Build Platform.
- None of the above

### Q8. Which of the following are true about Scenes?
1.Scenes refer to the objects which contain a particular scenario of the game.

2.Scenes contain the objects of your game.

3.Each unique Scene file is a unique level

4.Unity has a library for accessing scenes and traversing between them.
- 1,2
- 2,4,1
- 3,4,2
- 1,3,4,2 **(correct)**
