# [Quiz] How to submit coding assignment

How to submit coding assignment


## Questions


### Q1. What are the things that you need to cover in your introduction for the technical round?

- Basic Introduction, Human skills, Hobbies, Technical Details.
- Only technical details.
- A very short introduction and technical details. **(correct)**

### Q2. What are the things that you need to cover in your introduction for the Non-technical round?
- Basic Introduction, Technical Detail, Human skills, Hobbies. **(correct)**
- Only technical details.
- A very short introduction and technical details.

### Q3. While giving a technical interview which technical topics you will add to your introduction?
- I will add complex topics to impress the interviewer even if I don't know much about those.
- I will add very basic topics so that interviewer will ask me easy questions about them and my interview will go smooth.
- I will only add the top 5 topics on which I am super solid and super confident irrespective of their difficulty. Basically, I will represent my technical strengths. **(correct)**

### Q4. Will you submit the git repository if the company is only asking for the zip file of the build?

- If a company is not asking for git, I will not send the GitHub link as I don't wanna be over-smart in the interview process.
- I will ask Outscal what should I do.
-  It's not about being over smart, professional people use git for projects, so even if the company won't ask for Git link, I will create my project on GitHub only with the proper readme and submit the Git project link along with the zip file for the build. **(correct)**
