# [Quiz] SRP, Scriptable Objects & Enumerations - UAD

SRP, Scriptable Objects & Enumerations - UAD


## Questions


### Q1. Which of these would you consider is a violation of SRP in this function?

1 public void TakeDamage(float damage){
2 health -= damage; 
3 health.text = health;
 } 
-  1
- 2
- 3 **(correct)**
- no violations

### Q2. Which of these is true about Enums:
1. Enum is a user-defined data type that stores an integer internally.
2. Enum is a system-defined data type that stores float value internally.
3. If we use an Enum, we don't need to string comparisons.
4. Enum makes a program easy to read and maintain.
- 2,3,4
- 1,3
- 2,3
- 1,3,4 **(correct)**

### Q3. Which of these is the right for the script that has this line of code

[RequireComponent(typeof(BoxCollider),typeof(Rigidbody))]
- It requires the gameObject to have BoxCollider, Rigidbody components to be attached to it. **(correct)**
- It initializes these components on the gameObject it is attached to.
- It creates and lets you define Components on the gameObject.
- It helps the compiler to reduce the workload when code compiles.

### Q4. Which of these is true about Extension Functions.

1. Extension Functions are used to add/extend custom functionality to pre-existing classes in C#.
2. Extension methods are static methods.
3. Extension methods are not in scope when you explicitly import the namespace into your source code with a using directive.
- 1,2,3
- 2,3
- 1,2 **(correct)**
- 1,3

### Q5. Scriptable object is very similar to
- Components
- Prefabs **(correct)**
- MonoBehaviour class
- Enumerations

### Q6. Which of this is true about Scriptable Objects?
1. They increase your workflow.
2. They reduce memory usage
3. Lighten the memory usage of extra prefabs.
4. Swapping of data with ease.
- Only 1,2
- Only 1,3
- 1,3,4
- 1,2,3,4  **(correct)**

### Q7. Let's say we want to create different kinds of tanks in game, so we declare scriptable objects. 
How would you add the option of creating a scriptable object in editor window?
- [PropertyAttribute(fileName="TankScriptableObject",menuName="ScriptableObjects/NewTankScriptableObject")]
- [AddComponentMenu(fileName="TankScriptableObject",menuName="ScriptableObjects/NewTankScriptableObject")]
- [CreateAssetMenu(fileName="TankScriptableObject",menuName="ScriptableObjects/NewTankScriptableObject")] **(correct)**
- [SelectBaseAttribute(fileName="TankScriptableObject",menuName="ScriptableObjects/NewTankScriptableObject")]

### Q8. Which of this is true about SRP?
-  Any class/script should have a single responsibility.  **(correct)**
- Any class/script can have simultaneous responsibilities 
- Any class/script should follow subsequent responsibility 
- None of the above
