# [Quiz] Coroutines, Serialization & Async Await - UAD

Coroutines, Serialization & Async Await - UAD


## Questions


### Q1. We cannot use Coroutines without a MonoBehaviour class in unity.
- True **(correct)**
- False
- Maybe
- Maybe not

### Q2. What are the return types of coroutine:
1. int.
2. float.
3. IEnumerator.
4. Coroutine.
- 4
- 3 **(correct)**
- 1 & 2
- 3 & 4

### Q3. The following code is executed while transitioning from one scene to another and it will exactly wait for 5 seconds (practical answer required):

private IEnumerator MyCoroutine(float seconds)
{
    yield return new WaitForSeconds(seconds);
}
private void Update(){
     StartCoroutine(MyCoroutine(5f));
}
- True
- False **(correct)**
- Maybe
- Maybe not

### Q4. The dictionary given below will show up on the inspector of unity.

public Dictionary<string, string> dictionary;
- True
- False  **(correct)**
- Maybe. 
- Maybe not.

### Q5. Asynchronous programming can be achieved with the help of:
- Async Await.
- Coroutines.
- None of the above.
- Both a and b. **(correct)**

### Q6. What is the application of yield return null?
- Waits for 1 second.
- Waits for 1 frame. **(correct)**
- Waits for 1 minute.
- None of the above.

### Q7. What is the keyword used for a coroutine?
- Coroutine.
- IEnumerator. **(correct)**
- Both of the above.
- None of the above.

### Q8. What is the best way to Stop a Coroutine with parameters right after starting the Coroutine in C#?
IEnumerator Coroutine(parameter)
{
    // Some Code here!
}
- StopCoroutine(string);
- StopCoroutine(IEnumerator);
- StopCoroutine(Coroutine); **(correct)**
- StopCoroutine();
