# [Quiz] Lobby Screen

Lobby Screen


## Questions


### Q1. Which type of layout group should be used to align UI elements in a form of a grid?
- Layout element.
- Horizontal Layout Group.
- Grid Layout Group. **(correct)**
- Vertical Layout Group.

### Q2.  What does the child alignment option in Layout groups do?
- It only aligns the child in the middle of the screen.
- It provides us with various options to align children anywhere on the screen. **(correct)**
- It only aligns the children vertically.
- None of the above.

### Q3. What does the RequireComponent attribute do?
- It automatically adds required components as dependencies. **(correct)**
-  It automatically adds non-required components as dependencies.
- It is used to display the class on the Inspector.
-  None of the above.

### Q4.  Creating a prefab of the objects lets us make the same changes to every prefab object even if it is present in different scenes.
- True. **(correct)**
- False.

### Q5. It is a good practice to enable the game over screen from the start.
- True.
-  False. **(correct)**

### Q6. Is there any real difference between the UI Panel and the UI Image?
- Yes, they are totally different.
- Maybe
- Small difference that the anchor on start Panel is set to Fill, Image is set to center with a width/height of 100. **(correct)**
- Maybe not.

### Q7. What are the two small buttons that appear in the RectTransform component of UI game objects? The one has a dotted rectangle in it and the other one the letter R.
- Those changes how the ReactTransform will be altered when you resize it in the editor Raw and BluePrint mode. **(correct)**
- Those buttons change the size of the UI element.
- They are used to enable and disable the UI elements.
- All of the above.

### Q8.  If your project doesn’t have an EventSystem, will the buttons in your Lobby screen work? 
-  Yes.
-  Maybe.
- No. **(correct)**
- Not sure.
