# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. Which operation generally has the same time complexity in both singly and doubly linked lists?
- Inserting at the head
- Inserting at the tail (when tail pointer is present)
- Inserting at the middle
- All of the above **(correct)**

### Q2. What is the primary purpose of using static_cast<DoubleNode*> in the insertNodeAtHead() function of a DoubleLinkedList?
- To ensure proper memory allocation for the node.
- To safely cast a pointer to access specific properties like the previous pointer, which is exclusive to DoubleNode. **(correct)**
- To initialize the node's previous pointer and establish the connection between nodes.
- To prevent the head_node from being null.

### Q3. When inserting a node at the head of a DoubleLinkedList, what must be done?
- Set the current head’s previous to the new node. **(correct)**
- Set the new node’s previous to the current head.
- Set the current head’s next to null.
- Set the new node’s next to the current head **(correct)**

### Q4. Which of the following steps is unique to inserting a node at the tail of a DoubleLinkedList compared to a SingleLinkedList?
- Increasing the size of the list.
- Traversing the list to the last node.
- Setting the next pointer of the last node to the new node.
- Setting the previous pointer of the new node to the last node. **(correct)**

### Q5. What is a potential consequence of not properly setting the previous pointer in a doubly linked list?
- Nodes might be inaccessible in forward traversal.
- Nodes might be inaccessible in backward traversal. **(correct)**
- The list might lose elements.
- The list might not compile.

### Q6. What is the worst case time complexity of inserting a node in a doubly linked list?
- O(nlogn)
- O(logn)
- O(n) **(correct)**
- O(1)

### Q7. Consider the following doubly linked list: head-1-2-3-4-5-tail. What will be the list after performing the given sequence of operations?

// some code
struct Node {
    int data;
    Node* next;
    Node* prev;

    Node(int data, Node* prev = nullptr, Node* next = nullptr) 
        : data(data), prev(prev), next(next) {}
};

// some code
Node* temp = new Node(6, head, head->next);
Node* temp1 = new Node(0, tail->prev, tail);
setNext(head, temp);
setPrev(temp->next, temp);
setPrev(tail, temp1);
setNext(temp1->prev, temp1);
// some code
- head-0-1-2-3-4-5-6-tail
- head-1-2-3-4-5-6-tail
- head-6-1-2-3-4-5-0-tail **(correct)**
- head-0-1-2-3-4-5-tail
