# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. Which of the following steps are unique to deleting a node at the tail of a DoubleLinkedList compared to a SingleLinkedList? Imagine you have a tail reference.
- Increasing the size of the list.
- Traversing the list to the last node. **(correct)**
- Setting the next pointer of the last node to the new node.
- Setting the previous pointer of the new node to the last node. **(correct)**

### Q2. In a doubly linked list, what is the time complexity of deleting a node given a pointer to that node?
- O(1) **(correct)**
- O(logn)
- O(n)
- O(nlogn)

### Q3. When deleting a node from a doubly linked list, what would happen if you forget to update the next node's previous pointer?
- The list will remain unchanged.
- The list will crash immediately.
- The previous node will not point correctly to the next node.
-  The next node will not correctly point back to the previous node. **(correct)**

### Q4. What is the functionality of the following piece of code?

int function() {
    Node* temp = tail->getPrev();
    tail->setPrev(temp->getPrev());
    temp->getPrev()->setNext(tail);
    size--;
    return temp->getItem();
}

- Return the element at the tail of the list but do not remove it
- Return the element at the tail of the list and remove it from the list
- Return the last but one element from the list but do not remove it
- Return the last but one element at the tail of the list and remove it from the list **(correct)**

### Q5. Which of the following code snippets correctly deletes a node from the middle of a doubly linked list given a pointer to that node?

A. node->prev->next = node->next;
node->next->prev = node->prev;
delete node;

B.node->next->prev = node;
node->prev->next = node->prev;
delete node;

C.node->prev->next = node->prev;
node->next->prev = node->next;
delete node;

D.node->next = node->prev;
node->prev = node->next;
delete node;
- A **(correct)**
- B
- C
- D
