# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. How do you split a doubly linked list into two halves?
- By traversing the list and splitting at the midpoint **(correct)**
- By splitting at every alternate node
- By randomly dividing the nodes
- By reversing the second half

### Q2. What does the following function do in a doubly linked list?

void function(Node* head_ref, Node* temp) {
    if (head_ref == nullptr || temp == nullptr) return;
    if (head_ref == temp) *head_ref = temp->next;
    if (temp->next != nullptr) temp->next->prev = temp->prev;
    if (temp->prev != nullptr) temp->prev->next = temp->next;
    delete temp;
}
- Inserts a new node at a given position
- Deletes a given node from the list **(correct)**
- Reverses the list
- Deletes head node from the list

### Q3. You are given a doubly linked list with a head and tail pointer. How can you check if the list is a palindrome (reads the same backward as forward)?
-  Traverse the list from both ends towards the middle and compare each element.
- Reverse the list and compare it with the original list.
- Compare the elements starting from the head and tail pointers simultaneously until they meet at the middle. **(correct)**
- Check if the head and tail pointers point to the same node.

### Q4. Consider the following doubly linked list: head-1-2-3-4-5-tail. What will be the list after performing the given sequence of operations?

// some code
struct Node {
    int data;
    Node* next;
    Node* prev;

    Node(int data, Node* prev = nullptr, Node* next = nullptr) 
        : data(data), prev(prev), next(next) {}
};
// some code

Node temp = new Node(6,head,head.getNext());
head.setNext(temp);
temp.getNext().setPrev(temp);
Node temp1 = tail.getPrev();
tail.setPrev(temp1.getPrev());
temp1.getPrev().setNext(tail);

// some code
- head-6-1-2-3-4-5-tail **(correct)**
- head-6-1-2-3-4-tail
- head-1-2-3-4-5-6-tail
- head-1-2-3-4-5-tail

### Q5. What was the purpose of the previous code snippet in a doubly linked list?
- Inserting a new node with value 6 at the beginning of the list.
- Inserting a new node with value 6 at the end of the list. **(correct)**
- Deleting the last node from the list.
- Reversing the list.

### Q6. Imagine your doubly linked list is initially: 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9

Now, you perform the following operations in sequence:

1. Reverse the list.
2. Delete the head node.
3. Delete the middle node.
4. Reverse the list again.
5. Insert a new node with value 23 in the middle.
6. Delete the head node again.
7. Delete the middle node again.

What would be the final list?
- 9-8-7-6-5-23-4
- 2-3-4-6-7-8
- 1-2-3-5-6-7-8-9
- 2-3-23-6-7-8 **(correct)**
