# [⏳Quiz]

[⏳Quiz]


## Questions


### Q1. If you want the Snake’s body to gradually get smaller near the tail, how will you implement it?
- All the body parts near the tail will be initialized with a smaller size.
- On every size change in Linked List, every body part can check its position in the sequence and adjust its size according to the position. The closer to the tail, the smaller the size. **(correct)**
- Initialize each body part with the same size and reduce the size each frame moving towards the tail.
- Randomly assign sizes to each body part upon initialization and then sort them according to size.

### Q2. If the snake’s head node is on (10,1) and the user has pressed the UP Arrow Key, what should be the position of the head after 2 frames?
The grid has 100 rows and columns ranging from 0 to 99
- (10,-1)
- (10,0)
- (10,99) **(correct)**
- (10,2)

### Q3. If the snake’s head node is on (10,10) and the user has pressed the UP Arrow Key, what will be the position of the head in the next frame?
- (10,11)
- (9,10)
- (11,10)
- (10,9) **(correct)**

### Q4. If the game’s movement and rotation were continuous, and not discrete, how would you implement smooth rotation? Select the correct pseudo code.
- void rotate(float degrees) { currentAngle += degrees; }
- void rotate(float degrees) { currentAngle = (currentAngle + degrees) % 360; } **(correct)**
- void rotate(float increment) { currentAngle = increment; }
- void rotate() { currentAngle += 1; }

### Q5. What is the difference between Grid Position and Screen Position of a Body Part in a snake game?
- Grid Position refers to the logical coordinates on the game grid, while Screen Position translates these coordinates into actual pixel positions on the screen. **(correct)**
- Grid Position is the pixel coordinate on the screen, while Screen Position is the abstract index used for game logic.
- There is no difference; both terms refer to the same coordinates.
- Grid Position is used for collision detection, while Screen Position is used for drawing the snake.
