# [Quiz] STL Stack

STL Stack


## Questions


### Q1. The functions associated with stack are
- empty() 
- size() 
- push() 
- All of the Above **(correct)**

### Q2. Which function is used to reference the newest element of the stack.
- push() 
- pop() 
- top()  **(correct)**
- None of the Above

### Q3. What is the result of the following operation?  

Top (Push (S, X)), where S is the stack name and X is the element.
- X  **(correct)**
- X+S 
- S 
- XS

### Q4. Which data structure is used for implementing recursion? 
- Queue 
- Stack  **(correct)**
- Array 
- List

### Q5. Convert the following Infix expression to Postfix form using a stack.  

x + y * z + (p * q + r) * s  , 

Follow the usual precedence rule and assume that the expression is legal.
- xyz*+pq*r+s*+  **(correct)**
- xyz*+pq*r+s+* 
- xyz+*pq*r+s*+ 
- xyzp+**qr+s*+

### Q6. Which of the following statement(s) about stack data structure is/are NOT correct?
- Linked List is used for implementing Stacks. 
- Top of the Stack always contains the new node. 
- Stack is the FIFO data structure.  **(correct)**
- Null link is present in the last node at the bottom of the stack.

### Q7. Consider the following operation performed on a stack of size 5.

Push(1);
Pop();
Push(2);
Push(3);
Pop();
Push(4);
Pop();
Pop();
Push(5);

After the completion of all operations, the number of elements present in the stack is?
- 1 **(correct)**
- 2
- 3
- 4

### Q8. If the elements “A”, “B”, “C” and “D” are placed in a stack and are deleted one at a time, what is the order of removal?
- ABCD 
- DCBA  **(correct)**
- DCAB 
- ABDC
